# Railway benchmark projects

This repository contains a collection of open-source, public domain railway projects. The 
projects can be used for experiments with railway verification, simulation and model checking 
of indeed any other suitable application.

The files were generated by SafeCap tool and hence there is some bias in formatting 
and semantical structure. 

At the present, all the examples are based on fixed-block UK route signalling. ETCS 
examples should follow. 


## Files

Currently, each project is defined by the following files

- `layout.csv` - information about visual layout to aid in rendering layouts in other 
  tools;
- `layout.mch` - high-level information about layout at the level of train detection 
  sections, routes, etc, in B machine syntax;
- `layout.pdf` - SafeCap rendering of the layout, in PDF;
- `layout.svg` - SafeCap rendering of the layout, in SVG;
- `layout.xml` -  high-level information about layout at the level of train detection 
  sections, routes, etc, in XML format;
- `signalling.mch` -  toy control table, in B machine syntax;
- `signalling.xml` -  toy control table, in XML format.

## Projects

### synthetic1: Synthetic example (1)


The layout is a generic "small station" topology with four platforms. 

The control table is hand-written.

### carlisle: Carlisle Citadel Station


The layout is based upon a real-life station in Carlisle, UK. It is accurate in track 
distances and signal positioning but omits many elements such as shunting and banner repeater 
signals. 

The control table is synthesised as the actual one was not available.

## TODO

There is a dire need for information in layout and signalling files.

If there is interest it would be possible to export:

- into other formats and formalisms
- many more synthetic examples
- obfuscated versions of real-life interlockings
- obfuscated versions of real-life control tables
- obfuscated versions of real-life signalling data (SSI)
- train run simulation results produced by SafeCap simulator
- rolling stock properties
- layouts, control tables and signalling data with injected errors



 
  
